```latex
\section*{Conclusions}

This paper investigated the reliability of factor mimicking portfolios (FMPs) when constructed from small cross-sections of assets, a setting where uncompensated idiosyncratic noise can overwhelm the target factor signal. To quantify this performance degradation, we employed a simulated panel dataset with a known ground-truth data generating process, allowing for a precise decomposition of portfolio returns into their intended factor and unintended noise components. By systematically varying the number of assets ($N$ from 10 to 50), we compared the efficacy of FMPs estimated via Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) against simpler characteristic-sorted portfolios for two distinct factor archetypes: a low-Sharpe factor (SMB) and a high-Sharpe factor (WML).

Our results reveal a critical interaction between a factor's intrinsic signal strength and the optimal portfolio construction methodology. For the low-Sharpe SMB factor, the statistical complexity of the OLS-FMP proved detrimental. We found that increasing the cross-sectional size paradoxically amplified idiosyncratic noise leakage, causing the estimated premium to be statistically indistinguishable from zero across all sample sizes. In this high-noise, low-signal regime, the structurally simpler characteristic-sorted portfolio provided a more stable and robust estimate of the true factor premium.

Conversely, for the high-Sharpe WML factor, the OLS-FMP successfully isolated a statistically significant premium, but only once the asset universe reached a minimum breadth. We identified a clear threshold at a cross-sectional size of $N=20$, below which the factor signal could not be reliably recovered. For $N \ge 20$, the OLS-FMP decisively outperformed the characteristic-sorted portfolio, which was shown to be structurally misspecified for this factor's data generating process.

From these findings, we have learned that the minimum data requirements for reliable factor replication are not absolute but are contingent on the factor's underlying Sharpe ratio. In high-noise, small-N environments, there is a crucial trade-off between statistical estimation and structural portfolio design. For factors with a weak signal, simpler heuristic methods like characteristic sorting can be more robust than statistically sophisticated FMPs that are prone to amplifying estimation error. For factors with a strong signal, OLS-FMPs can be highly effective, but a minimum threshold of cross-sectional diversification is necessary to ensure the factor signal dominates the noise. This study provides a quantitative framework for understanding the practical limits of factor investing in data-constrained settings.
```